---
toc: true
layout: post
description:
categories: [markdown]
title: 5.1 and 5.2 Hacks
---

## 5.1
1. Come up with three of your own Beneficial and corresponding Harmful Effects of Computing
Three benefits and corresponding harms of computing are:
- Increasing efficancy at the expense of human jobs since people will probably lose their jobs to AI and computers
- Access to more information at the expense of some people not having access to this information
- Allowing for communication at the expense of dividing the world since not all people will have access to this communication the digital divide whould just be enhanced

2. Talk about dopamine issues above. Real? Parent conspiracy? Anything that is impacting your personal study and success in High School?
Many people especially high schoolers have dopamine issues and it's something many of them have expirienced including me. The issue I have is the lack of motivation especially when it comes to school work. Something that I'm doing to fix this is by giving myself rewards for completing tasks with a break. And that allows me to decrease the impact of my dopamine issues.

## 5.2
1. How does someone empower themself in a digital world?
As technology beocmes more prevalent in society things such as fake news, getting hacked, or phished become more common and the best way to combat that is through being informed. Things such as checking muliple sites for news and being suspicious of random links people tell you to follow can prevent such events having a negative impact on one's digital life. And having a safe and healthy place digitally can help someone empower themselves in the digital world.

2. How does someone that is empowered help someone that is not empowered? Describe something you could do at Del Norte HS.
Empowered people should help those who are not empowered by supporting them thorugh their goals and helping them progress. This allows for the creation of a healthy and supportive environment similar to the one they made themselves when they weren't empowered. Something that can be done in Del Norte is by providing mentorship through clubs such as Peer Counselling or Link Crew which are aimed to help those in need.

3. Is paper or red tape blocking digital empowerment? Are there such barriers at Del Norte? Elsewhere?
Paper and red tape limit digital empowerment since they slow down decision making it inefficienct to do things. However it's important to have necessary regulations in a digital environment to keep people protected. Digital safety is one of the most important things in the digital world and the only way to ensure privacy and security of information is by limiting paper or red tape.